Update documentation with audit comments (#20)
calimero-is-near/docs: docs/bridge/bridging/5_return_unused_assets.mdx

---
title: Return of unused assets
sidebar_position: 5
---

> If user locks assets (FTs or NFTs) on the source side connector and there is some kind of problem in destination side or bridge itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If user locks assets (FTs or NFTs) on the source chain connector and there is some kind of problem on the destination chain, or the automatic bridge service is experiencing downtime (which should happen extremely rarely, but in reality can happen)
```

> bridging will not work. If asset is not bridged in the following 4 days from the initial locking transaction asset will no longer be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
,bridging will not work. If asset is not bridged in the following 96 hours from the initial locking transaction, asset will no longer be
```

> ,bridging will not work. If asset is not bridged in the following 96 hours from the initial locking transaction, asset will no longer be

Reviewer: nit: space after ,

eligible for bridging to the destination side.

> Currently user with this problem should contact a shard admin, admin should verify that asset can no longer be bridged and return assets to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently user with this problem should contact a shard admin. Admin should verify that asset can no longer be bridged and return assets to
```

> Currently user with this problem should contact a shard admin. Admin should verify that asset can no longer be bridged and return assets to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently user with this problem should contact the shard admin. The admin should verify that asset can no longer be bridged and return assets to
```

> the original owner (user). Note that if admin unlocks it before 4 days pass user will effectively get his assets two times since he can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the original owner (user). Note that if the admin unlocks it before 4 days pass user will effectively get his assets two times since he can
```

> still prove that he locked assets (and bridge it to destination side), and he will get locked assets on the source side back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
still prove that he locked assets (and bridge it to destination chain), and he will get locked assets on the source chain back as well.
```
